=head1 NAME

lxdream - A Dreamcast emulator

=head1 SYNOPSIS

lxdream [options] [disc-image-file] [program-file]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Emulates the Sega Dreamcast console. Lxdream can run games either from disc image files, from progam files or from CD-ROM discs.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-a>, B<--aica>=I<PROGFILE>

Run the AICA SPU only, with the supplied program.

=item B<-A>, B<--audio>=I<DRIVER>

Set the preferred audio driver. If the specified audio driver cannot start, the system
will try all other available drivers in the standard order. To see which drivers are 
supported, run lxdream -A ?

=item B<-b>, B<--biosless>

Do not load the BIOS rom on startup, even if one is configured. 

=item B<-c>, B<--config>=I<CONFILE>

Load configuration information from B<CONFILE> instead of the system default

=item B<-d>, B<--debugger>

Launch the debugger on startup (GTK platforms only).

=item B<-f>, B<--fullscreen>

Use this option to start the program in fullscreen mode.

=item B<-g>, B<--gdb-sh4>=I<PORT>

Start the GDB remote server on B<PORT> for SH4.

=item B<-G>, B<--gdb-arm>=I<PORT>

Start the GDB remote server on B<PORT> for ARM.

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Print command line usage information

=item B<-H>, B<--headless>

Run in headless mode (no GUI or video output). This is mainly useful for testing CPU 
functions and performance. Equivalent to -V null.

=item B<-l>, B<--log>=I<LEVEL>

Set the system log level to the specified level of verbosity, which must be one of the following options:
FATAL, ERROR, WARN, INFO, DEBUG, TRACE (non-case-sensitive, and only the first letter is required). The
default level is WARN.

=item B<-m>, B<--multiplier>=I<SCALE>

Change the SH4 core clock speed using the supplied floating-point multiplier, where 1.0
is full speed, 0.5 is half speed, and so on. The default is 0.5.

=item B<-n>

Don't start running on startup, even if a disc or program file was supplied. By default
the system will start automatically if a disc or program was given on the command line.

=item B<-p>

Start running on startup, even if no disc or program file was supplied. By default
the system will only start automatically if a disc or program was given on the command 
line.

=item B<-t>, B<--run-time>=I<SECONDS>

Run the dreamcast for exactly the specified amount of time, and then terminate, ie 
lxdream -pt 5.2  will exit after 5.2 seconds of emulated runtime. Useful for performance
measurements of arbitrary sections of code.

=item B<-T>, B<--trace>=I<REGIONS>

Activate I/O region tracing for the specified list of MMIO regions. This option is only
available if lxdream was configured with --enable-trace. If enabled, trace-list may be
a comma-separated list of 1 or more of the following: ALL, ASIC, AICA0, AICA1, AICA2, AICARTC,
EXTDMA, PVR2, MMU, UBC, BSC, DMAC, CPG, RTC, INTC, TMU, SCI, and SCIF.

Warning: this option implicitly sets the verbosity level to 'trace', and will generate a huge
amount of output.

=item B<-u>, B<--unsafe>

Allow unsafe dcload syscalls. Without this option, the only permitted calls are reads, writes, and
seeks on stdin, stdout and stderr. If you're writing your own code that uses the other syscalls, you
probably want to enable this. Otherwise it's safer to leave it off.

=item B<-v>, B<--version>

Print the lxdream version string.

=item B<-V> B<DRIVER>

Set the preferred video driver. If the specified video driver cannot start, the system
will exit with an error. To see the available video drivers, run lxdream -V ?

=item B<-x>

Disable the SH4 translator and run in pure emulation mode. Generally you only want to do this for testing
purposes (ie if you think you've found a translator bug) as it's much slower this way.

=back

=head1 FILES

=over

=item B<$HOME/.lxdreamrc>

Default user configuration file. This will be created at startup if it doesn't 
already exist, unless an alternative file is specified with -c.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Nathan Keynes <nkeynes@lxdream.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2005-2011 Nathan Keynes <nkeynes@lxdream.org>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

=cut
